docs/cli-reference/ks_diff.md, before:

## ks diff

Display differences between server and local config, or server and server config

### Synopsis


Display differences between server and local configuration, or server and server
configurations.

ksonnet applications are accepted, as well as normal JSON, YAML, and Jsonnet
files.

```
ks diff [<env1> [<env2>]] [-f <file-or-dir>]
```

### Examples

```
# Show diff between resources described in a the local 'dev' environment
# specified by the ksonnet application and the remote cluster referenced by
# the same 'dev' environment. Can be used in any subdirectory of the application.
ksonnet diff dev

# Show diff between resources at remote clusters. This requires ksonnet
# application defined environments. Diff between the cluster defined at the
# 'us-west/dev' environment, and the cluster defined at the 'us-west/prod'
# environment. Can be used in any subdirectory of the application.
ksonnet diff remote:us-west/dev remote:us-west/prod

# Show diff between resources at a remote and a local cluster. This requires
# ksonnet application defined environments. Diff between the cluster defined
# at the 'us-west/dev' environment, and the cluster defined at the
# 'us-west/prod' environment. Can be used in any subdirectory of the
# application.
ksonnet diff local:us-west/dev remote:us-west/prod

# Show diff between resources described in a YAML file and the cluster
# referenced in '$KUBECONFIG'.
ks diff -f ./pod.yaml

# Show diff between resources described in a JSON file and the cluster
# referenced by the environment 'dev'.
ks diff dev -f ./pod.json

# Show diff between resources described in a YAML file and the cluster
# referred to by './kubeconfig'.
ks diff --kubeconfig=./kubeconfig -f ./pod.yaml
```

### Options

```
      --diff-strategy string          Diff strategy, all or subset. (default "all")
  -V, --ext-str stringSlice           Values of external variables
      --ext-str-file stringSlice      Read external variable from a file
  -f, --file stringArray              Filename or directory that contains the configuration to apply (accepts YAML, JSON, and Jsonnet)
  -J, --jpath stringSlice             Additional jsonnet library search path
      --resolve-images string         Change implementation of resolveImage native function. One of: noop, registry (default "noop")
      --resolve-images-error string   Action when resolveImage fails. One of ignore,warn,error (default "warn")
  -A, --tla-str stringSlice           Values of top level arguments
      --tla-str-file stringSlice      Read top level argument from a file
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -v, --verbose count[=-1]   Increase verbosity. May be given multiple times.
```

### SEE ALSO
* [ks](ks.md)	 - Synchronise Kubernetes resources with config files

Commit message:

💪 Make env-name a required param in "env commands"
Fixes #100.

This commit will transition the ksonnet CLI away from accepting either a
list of files or an environment (or both). A detailed explanation
follows.

Historically, the ksonnet CLI has had several "environment commands".
These commands (e.g., `apply`, `diff`, `delete`, `show`, etc.) all took
one of the following:

  1. An environment name. For example, `apply us-west/dev` will `apply`
     everything in the `components/` directory to the cluster denoted by
     `us-west/dev`.
  2. A set of files. For example, `apply -f foo.jsonnet -f bar.jsonnet`
     would apply those two specific Jsonnet files to the server
     specified by the current context in $KUBECONFIG.
  3. Both an environment name and a set of files. For example,
     `apply us-west/dev -f foo.jsonnet -f bar.jsonnet` would `apply`
     those two files to the cluster denoted by the `us-west/dev`
     environment.

This "duality" remained in place primarily because it was important for
the ksonnet CLI to maintain functional compatibility (though not strict
CLI-level app compatibility) with the kubecfg tool.

Some time ago the ksonnet CLI was forked from the kubecfg CLI, but it is
only in this commit that we abandon this duality. Specifically, this
commit will _require_ the environment name for all commands. For
example, the form of `apply` will now be:
`apply <env-name> [-f <file>]`.

There are main parts to this:

  1. Refactoring core abstractions that supports this "duality".
     Specifically, removing the `cmd.envSpec` type and several
     functions, such as `cmd.parseEnvCmd`.
  2. Updating the tests to reflect this new directory structure.

Signed-off-by: Jessica Yuen <im.jessicayuen@gmail.com>

docs/cli-reference/ks_diff.md, after:

## ks diff

Display differences between server and local config, or server and server config

### Synopsis


Display differences between server and local configuration, or server and server
configurations.

ksonnet applications are accepted, as well as normal JSON, YAML, and Jsonnet
files.

```
ks diff [<env1> [<env2>]] [-f <file-or-dir>]
```

### Examples

```
# Show diff between resources described in a the local 'dev' environment
# specified by the ksonnet application and the remote cluster referenced by
# the same 'dev' environment. Can be used in any subdirectory of the application.
ksonnet diff dev

# Show diff between resources at remote clusters. This requires ksonnet
# application defined environments. Diff between the cluster defined at the
# 'us-west/dev' environment, and the cluster defined at the 'us-west/prod'
# environment. Can be used in any subdirectory of the application.
ksonnet diff remote:us-west/dev remote:us-west/prod

# Show diff between resources at a remote and a local cluster. This requires
# ksonnet application defined environments. Diff between the cluster defined
# at the 'us-west/dev' environment, and the cluster defined at the
# 'us-west/prod' environment. Can be used in any subdirectory of the
# application.
ksonnet diff local:us-west/dev remote:us-west/prod

# Show diff between resources described in a YAML file and the cluster
# referenced in '$KUBECONFIG'.
ks diff -f ./pod.yaml

# Show diff between resources described in a JSON file and the cluster
# referenced by the environment 'dev'.
ks diff dev -f ./pod.json

# Show diff between resources described in a YAML file and the cluster
# referred to by './kubeconfig'.
ks diff --kubeconfig=./kubeconfig -f ./pod.yaml
```

### Options

```
  -c, --component stringArray         Name of a specific component (multiple -c flags accepted, allows YAML, JSON, and Jsonnet)
      --diff-strategy string          Diff strategy, all or subset. (default "all")
  -V, --ext-str stringSlice           Values of external variables
      --ext-str-file stringSlice      Read external variable from a file
  -J, --jpath stringSlice             Additional jsonnet library search path
      --resolve-images string         Change implementation of resolveImage native function. One of: noop, registry (default "noop")
      --resolve-images-error string   Action when resolveImage fails. One of ignore,warn,error (default "warn")
  -A, --tla-str stringSlice           Values of top level arguments
      --tla-str-file stringSlice      Read top level argument from a file
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -v, --verbose count[=-1]   Increase verbosity. May be given multiple times.
```

### SEE ALSO
* [ks](ks.md)	 - Synchronise Kubernetes resources with config files
