docs/cli-reference/ks_delete.md, before:

## ks delete

Delete Kubernetes resources described in local config

### Synopsis


Delete Kubernetes resources from a cluster, as described in the local
configuration.

ksonnet applications are accepted, as well as normal JSON, YAML, and Jsonnet
files.

```
ks delete [env-name] [-f <file-or-dir>]
```

### Examples

```
# Delete all resources described in a ksonnet application, from the 'dev'
# environment. Can be used in any subdirectory of the application.
ks delete dev

# Delete resources described in a YAML file. Automatically picks up the
# cluster's location from '$KUBECONFIG'.
ks delete -f ./pod.yaml

# Delete resources described in the JSON file from the 'dev' environment. Can
# be used in any subdirectory of the application.
ks delete dev -f ./pod.json

# Delete resources described in a YAML file, and running in the cluster
# specified by the current context in specified kubeconfig file.
ks delete --kubeconfig=./kubeconfig -f ./pod.yaml
```

### Options

```
      --as string                      Username to impersonate for the operation
      --certificate-authority string   Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority
      --client-certificate string      Path to a client certificate file for TLS
      --client-key string              Path to a client key file for TLS
      --cluster string                 The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use
      --context string                 The name of the kubeconfig context to use
  -V, --ext-str stringSlice            Values of external variables
      --ext-str-file stringSlice       Read external variable from a file
  -f, --file stringArray               Filename or directory that contains the configuration to apply (accepts YAML, JSON, and Jsonnet)
      --grace-period int               Number of seconds given to resources to terminate gracefully. A negative value is ignored (default -1)
      --insecure-skip-tls-verify       If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure
  -J, --jpath stringSlice              Additional jsonnet library search path
      --kubeconfig string              Path to a kube config. Only required if out-of-cluster
  -n, --namespace string               If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request
      --password string                Password for basic authentication to the API server
      --request-timeout string         The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests. (default "0")
      --resolve-images string          Change implementation of resolveImage native function. One of: noop, registry (default "noop")
      --resolve-images-error string    Action when resolveImage fails. One of ignore,warn,error (default "warn")
      --server string                  The address and port of the Kubernetes API server
  -A, --tla-str stringSlice            Values of top level arguments
      --tla-str-file stringSlice       Read top level argument from a file
      --token string                   Bearer token for authentication to the API server
      --user string                    The name of the kubeconfig user to use
      --username string                Username for basic authentication to the API server
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -v, --verbose count[=-1]   Increase verbosity. May be given multiple times.
```

### SEE ALSO
* [ks](ks.md)	 - Synchronise Kubernetes resources with config files

Commit message:

💪 Make env-name a required param in "env commands"
Fixes #100.

This commit will transition the ksonnet CLI away from accepting either a
list of files or an environment (or both). A detailed explanation
follows.

Historically, the ksonnet CLI has had several "environment commands".
These commands (e.g., `apply`, `diff`, `delete`, `show`, etc.) all took
one of the following:

  1. An environment name. For example, `apply us-west/dev` will `apply`
     everything in the `components/` directory to the cluster denoted by
     `us-west/dev`.
  2. A set of files. For example, `apply -f foo.jsonnet -f bar.jsonnet`
     would apply those two specific Jsonnet files to the server
     specified by the current context in $KUBECONFIG.
  3. Both an environment name and a set of files. For example,
     `apply us-west/dev -f foo.jsonnet -f bar.jsonnet` would `apply`
     those two files to the cluster denoted by the `us-west/dev`
     environment.

This "duality" remained in place primarily because it was important for
the ksonnet CLI to maintain functional compatibility (though not strict
CLI-level app compatibility) with the kubecfg tool.

Some time ago the ksonnet CLI was forked from the kubecfg CLI, but it is
only in this commit that we abandon this duality. Specifically, this
commit will _require_ the environment name for all commands. For
example, the form of `apply` will now be:
`apply <env-name> [-f <file>]`.

There are main parts to this:

  1. Refactoring core abstractions that supports this "duality".
     Specifically, removing the `cmd.envSpec` type and several
     functions, such as `cmd.parseEnvCmd`.
  2. Updating the tests to reflect this new directory structure.

Signed-off-by: Jessica Yuen <im.jessicayuen@gmail.com>

docs/cli-reference/ks_delete.md, after:

## ks delete

Delete Kubernetes resources described in local config

### Synopsis


Delete Kubernetes resources from a cluster, as described in the local
configuration.

ksonnet applications are accepted, as well as normal JSON, YAML, and Jsonnet
files.

```
ks delete [env-name] [-f <file-or-dir>]
```

### Examples

```
# Delete all resources described in a ksonnet application, from the 'dev'
# environment. Can be used in any subdirectory of the application.
ks delete dev

# Delete resources described in a YAML file. Automatically picks up the
# cluster's location from '$KUBECONFIG'.
ks delete -f ./pod.yaml

# Delete resources described in the JSON file from the 'dev' environment. Can
# be used in any subdirectory of the application.
ks delete dev -f ./pod.json

# Delete resources described in a YAML file, and running in the cluster
# specified by the current context in specified kubeconfig file.
ks delete --kubeconfig=./kubeconfig -f ./pod.yaml
```

### Options

```
      --as string                      Username to impersonate for the operation
      --certificate-authority string   Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority
      --client-certificate string      Path to a client certificate file for TLS
      --client-key string              Path to a client key file for TLS
      --cluster string                 The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use
  -c, --component stringArray          Name of a specific component (multiple -c flags accepted, allows YAML, JSON, and Jsonnet)
      --context string                 The name of the kubeconfig context to use
  -V, --ext-str stringSlice            Values of external variables
      --ext-str-file stringSlice       Read external variable from a file
      --grace-period int               Number of seconds given to resources to terminate gracefully. A negative value is ignored (default -1)
      --insecure-skip-tls-verify       If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure
  -J, --jpath stringSlice              Additional jsonnet library search path
      --kubeconfig string              Path to a kube config. Only required if out-of-cluster
  -n, --namespace string               If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request
      --password string                Password for basic authentication to the API server
      --request-timeout string         The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests. (default "0")
      --resolve-images string          Change implementation of resolveImage native function. One of: noop, registry (default "noop")
      --resolve-images-error string    Action when resolveImage fails. One of ignore,warn,error (default "warn")
      --server string                  The address and port of the Kubernetes API server
  -A, --tla-str stringSlice            Values of top level arguments
      --tla-str-file stringSlice       Read top level argument from a file
      --token string                   Bearer token for authentication to the API server
      --user string                    The name of the kubeconfig user to use
      --username string                Username for basic authentication to the API server
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -v, --verbose count[=-1]   Increase verbosity. May be given multiple times.
```

### SEE ALSO
* [ks](ks.md)	 - Synchronise Kubernetes resources with config files
