docs/cli-reference/ks_env_targets.md, before:

## ks env targets

targets

### Synopsis

targets

```
ks env targets [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for targets
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as string                      Username to impersonate for the operation
      --as-group stringArray           Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.
      --certificate-authority string   Path to a cert file for the certificate authority
      --client-certificate string      Path to a client certificate file for TLS
      --client-key string              Path to a client key file for TLS
      --cluster string                 The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use
      --context string                 The name of the kubeconfig context to use
      --insecure-skip-tls-verify       If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure
      --kubeconfig string              Path to a kubeconfig file. Alternative to env var $KUBECONFIG.
  -n, --namespace string               If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request
      --password string                Password for basic authentication to the API server
      --request-timeout string         The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests. (default "0")
      --server string                  The address and port of the Kubernetes API server
      --token string                   Bearer token for authentication to the API server
      --user string                    The name of the kubeconfig user to use
      --username string                Username for basic authentication to the API server
  -v, --verbose count[=-1]             Increase verbosity. May be given multiple times.
```

### SEE ALSO

* [ks env](ks_env.md)	 - Manage ksonnet environments

Commit message:

Rename component namespaces to modules
Rename component namespaces to modules to remove the ambiguous bit.

Signed-off-by: bryanl <bryanliles@gmail.com>

docs/cli-reference/ks_env_targets.md, after:

## ks env targets

targets

### Synopsis

targets

```
ks env targets [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help                 help for targets
      --module stringSlice   Component modules to include
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --as string                      Username to impersonate for the operation
      --as-group stringArray           Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.
      --certificate-authority string   Path to a cert file for the certificate authority
      --client-certificate string      Path to a client certificate file for TLS
      --client-key string              Path to a client key file for TLS
      --cluster string                 The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use
      --context string                 The name of the kubeconfig context to use
      --insecure-skip-tls-verify       If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure
      --kubeconfig string              Path to a kubeconfig file. Alternative to env var $KUBECONFIG.
  -n, --namespace string               If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request
      --password string                Password for basic authentication to the API server
      --request-timeout string         The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests. (default "0")
      --server string                  The address and port of the Kubernetes API server
      --token string                   Bearer token for authentication to the API server
      --user string                    The name of the kubeconfig user to use
      --username string                Username for basic authentication to the API server
  -v, --verbose count[=-1]             Increase verbosity. May be given multiple times.
```

### SEE ALSO

* [ks env](ks_env.md)	 - Manage ksonnet environments
