docs/cli-reference/ks_pkg_install.md, before:

## ks pkg install

Install a package (e.g. extra prototypes) for the current ksonnet app

### Synopsis


The `install` command caches a ksonnet library locally, and makes it available
for use in the current ksonnet application. Enough info and metadata is recorded in
`app.yaml` that new users can retrieve the dependency after a fresh clone of this app.

The library itself needs to be located in a registry (e.g. Github repo). By default,
ksonnet knows about two registries: *incubator* and *stable*, which are the release
channels for official ksonnet libraries.

### Related Commands

* `ks pkg list` — List all packages known (downloaded or not) for the current ksonnet app
* `ks prototype list` — List all locally available ksonnet prototypes
* `ks registry describe` — Describe a ksonnet registry and the packages it contains

### Syntax


```
ks pkg install <registry>/<library>@<version> [flags]
```

### Examples

```

# Install an nginx dependency, based on the tip defined by the registry URI.
# In a ksonnet source file, this can be referenced as:
#   local nginx = import "incubator/nginx/nginx.libsonnet";
ks pkg install incubator/nginx

# Install an nginx dependency, based on the 'master' branch.
# In a ksonnet source file, this can be referenced as:
#   local nginx = import "incubator/nginx/nginx.libsonnet";
ks pkg install incubator/nginx@master

# Install a specific nginx version into the stage environment.
# In a ksonnet source file, this can be referenced as:
#   local nginx = import "incubator/nginx/nginx.libsonnet";
ks pkg install --env stage incubator/nginx@40285d8a14f1ac5787e405e1023cf0c07f6aa28c

```

### Options

```
      --env string    Environment to install package into (optional)
      --force         Force installation
  -h, --help          help for install
      --name string   Name to give the dependency, to use within the ksonnet app
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -v, --verbose count[=-1]   Increase verbosity. May be given multiple times.
```

### SEE ALSO

* [ks pkg](ks_pkg.md)	 - Manage packages and dependencies for the current ksonnet application

Commit message:

Changed old library references to packages
Add tls-skip-verify-flag

Signed-off-by: GuessWhoSamFoo <sfoohei@gmail.com>

docs/cli-reference/ks_pkg_install.md, after:

## ks pkg install

Install a package (e.g. extra prototypes) for the current ksonnet app

### Synopsis


The `install` command caches a ksonnet package locally, and makes it available
for use in the current ksonnet application. Enough info and metadata is recorded in
`app.yaml` that new users can retrieve the dependency after a fresh clone of this app.

The package itself needs to be located in a registry (e.g. Github repo). By default,
ksonnet knows about two registries: *incubator* and *stable*, which are the release
channels for official ksonnet packages.

### Related Commands

* `ks pkg list` — List all packages known (downloaded or not) for the current ksonnet app
* `ks prototype list` — List all locally available ksonnet prototypes
* `ks registry describe` — Describe a ksonnet registry and the packages it contains

### Syntax


```
ks pkg install <registry>/<package>@<version> [flags]
```

### Examples

```

# Install an nginx dependency, based on the tip defined by the registry URI.
# In a ksonnet source file, this can be referenced as:
#   local nginx = import "incubator/nginx/nginx.libsonnet";
ks pkg install incubator/nginx

# Install an nginx dependency, based on the 'master' branch.
# In a ksonnet source file, this can be referenced as:
#   local nginx = import "incubator/nginx/nginx.libsonnet";
ks pkg install incubator/nginx@master

# Install a specific nginx version into the stage environment.
# In a ksonnet source file, this can be referenced as:
#   local nginx = import "incubator/nginx/nginx.libsonnet";
ks pkg install --env stage incubator/nginx@40285d8a14f1ac5787e405e1023cf0c07f6aa28c

```

### Options

```
      --env string    Environment to install package into (optional)
      --force         Force installation
  -h, --help          help for install
      --name string   Name to give the dependency, to use within the ksonnet app
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --tls-skip-verify      Skip verification of TLS server certificates
  -v, --verbose count[=-1]   Increase verbosity. May be given multiple times.
```

### SEE ALSO

* [ks pkg](ks_pkg.md)	 - Manage packages and dependencies for the current ksonnet application
