docs/cli-reference/ks_show.md, before:

## ks show

Show expanded manifests for a specific environment.

### Synopsis


Show expanded manifests (resource definitions) for a specific environment. Jsonnet manifests,
each defining a ksonnet component, are expanded into their JSON or YAML equivalents (YAML is the default).
Any parameters in these Jsonnet manifests are resolved based on environment-specific values.

When NO component is specified (no `-c` flag), this command expands all of the files in the `components/` directory into a list of resource definitions. This is the YAML version
of what gets deployed to your cluster with `ks apply <env>`.

When a component IS specified via the `-c` flag, this command only expands the manifest for that
particular component.

```
ks show <env> [-c <component-filename>]
```

### Examples

```
# Show all of the components for the 'dev' environment, in YAML
# (In other words, expands all manifests in the components/ directory)
ks show dev

# Show a single component from the 'prod' environment, in JSON
ks show prod -c redis -o json

# Show multiple components from the 'dev' environment, in YAML
ks show dev -c redis -c nginx-server

```

### Options

```
  -V, --ext-str stringSlice           Values of external variables
      --ext-str-file stringSlice      Read external variable from a file
  -f, --file stringArray              Filename or directory that contains the configuration to apply (accepts YAML, JSON, and Jsonnet)
  -o, --format string                 Output format.  Supported values are: json, yaml (default "yaml")
  -J, --jpath stringSlice             Additional jsonnet library search path
      --resolve-images string         Change implementation of resolveImage native function. One of: noop, registry (default "noop")
      --resolve-images-error string   Action when resolveImage fails. One of ignore,warn,error (default "warn")
  -A, --tla-str stringSlice           Values of top level arguments
      --tla-str-file stringSlice      Read top level argument from a file
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -v, --verbose count[=-1]   Increase verbosity. May be given multiple times.
```

### SEE ALSO
* [ks](ks.md)	 - Synchronise Kubernetes resources with config files

Commit message:

💪 Make env-name a required param in "env commands"
Fixes #100.

This commit will transition the ksonnet CLI away from accepting either a
list of files or an environment (or both). A detailed explanation
follows.

Historically, the ksonnet CLI has had several "environment commands".
These commands (e.g., `apply`, `diff`, `delete`, `show`, etc.) all took
one of the following:

  1. An environment name. For example, `apply us-west/dev` will `apply`
     everything in the `components/` directory to the cluster denoted by
     `us-west/dev`.
  2. A set of files. For example, `apply -f foo.jsonnet -f bar.jsonnet`
     would apply those two specific Jsonnet files to the server
     specified by the current context in $KUBECONFIG.
  3. Both an environment name and a set of files. For example,
     `apply us-west/dev -f foo.jsonnet -f bar.jsonnet` would `apply`
     those two files to the cluster denoted by the `us-west/dev`
     environment.

This "duality" remained in place primarily because it was important for
the ksonnet CLI to maintain functional compatibility (though not strict
CLI-level app compatibility) with the kubecfg tool.

Some time ago the ksonnet CLI was forked from the kubecfg CLI, but it is
only in this commit that we abandon this duality. Specifically, this
commit will _require_ the environment name for all commands. For
example, the form of `apply` will now be:
`apply <env-name> [-f <file>]`.

There are main parts to this:

  1. Refactoring core abstractions that supports this "duality".
     Specifically, removing the `cmd.envSpec` type and several
     functions, such as `cmd.parseEnvCmd`.
  2. Updating the tests to reflect this new directory structure.

Signed-off-by: Jessica Yuen <im.jessicayuen@gmail.com>

docs/cli-reference/ks_show.md, after:

## ks show

Show expanded manifests for a specific environment.

### Synopsis


Show expanded manifests (resource definitions) for a specific environment. Jsonnet manifests,
each defining a ksonnet component, are expanded into their JSON or YAML equivalents (YAML is the default).
Any parameters in these Jsonnet manifests are resolved based on environment-specific values.

When NO component is specified (no `-c` flag), this command expands all of the files in the `components/` directory into a list of resource definitions. This is the YAML version
of what gets deployed to your cluster with `ks apply <env>`.

When a component IS specified via the `-c` flag, this command only expands the manifest for that
particular component.

```
ks show <env> [-c <component-filename>]
```

### Examples

```
# Show all of the components for the 'dev' environment, in YAML
# (In other words, expands all manifests in the components/ directory)
ks show dev

# Show a single component from the 'prod' environment, in JSON
ks show prod -c redis -o json

# Show multiple components from the 'dev' environment, in YAML
ks show dev -c redis -c nginx-server

```

### Options

```
  -c, --component stringArray         Name of a specific component (multiple -c flags accepted, allows YAML, JSON, and Jsonnet)
  -V, --ext-str stringSlice           Values of external variables
      --ext-str-file stringSlice      Read external variable from a file
  -o, --format string                 Output format.  Supported values are: json, yaml (default "yaml")
  -J, --jpath stringSlice             Additional jsonnet library search path
      --resolve-images string         Change implementation of resolveImage native function. One of: noop, registry (default "noop")
      --resolve-images-error string   Action when resolveImage fails. One of ignore,warn,error (default "warn")
  -A, --tla-str stringSlice           Values of top level arguments
      --tla-str-file stringSlice      Read top level argument from a file
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -v, --verbose count[=-1]   Increase verbosity. May be given multiple times.
```

### SEE ALSO
* [ks](ks.md)	 - Synchronise Kubernetes resources with config files
