docs/concepts.md, before:

# Concept Reference

The ksonnet framework is centered around a couple of key concepts and terms. This reference gives a brief explanation of each. To get a more tangible sense of how these concepts tie together, see the [Tutorial](https://ksonnet.io/docs/tutorial).

* Ksonnet
  * [Application](#application)
  * [Environment](#environment)
  * [Component](#component)
  * [Prototype](#prototype)
  * [Parameter](#parameter)
  * [Module](#module)
  * [Part](#part)
  * [Package](#package)
  * [Registry](#registry)
* Related
  * [Manifest](#manifest)
  * [Jsonnet](#jsonnet)


The following diagram shows how the ksonnet framework works holistically:

![ksonnet overview diagram](/docs/img/ksonnet_overview.svg)

ksonnet's package management schema can be summed up as follows:

*registry* > *package* > *prototype*<br>
**Ex:** [`incubator` repo](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/tree/master/incubator) > [Redis library](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/tree/master/incubator/redis) > [`redis-stateless` prototype](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/blob/master/incubator/redis/prototypes/redis-stateless.jsonnet)

---

### Application

A ksonnet application represents a well-structured directory of Kubernetes [manifests](#manifest). This directory is autogenerated by [`ksonnet init`](/docs/cli-reference/ksonnet_init.md). These manifests typically tie together in some way—for example, they might collectively define a web service like the following:

<p align="center">
<img alt="ksonnet application diagram" src="/docs/img/guestbook_app.svg" height="250px">
</p>

---

### Environment

An environment consists of four elements, some of which can be pulled from your current [kubeconfig context](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/organize-cluster-access-kubeconfig/#context):

| What       | Example       | Description          | How is this tracked? |
| ---------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
| (1) *Name* | dev | A string used to identify a particular environment. Must be unique within a ksonnet app. | A directory under `environments/` (e.g. `environments/dev/`). <br><br>**A name with slashes results in a hierarchical file structure**. For example, `us-west/staging` creates `environments/us-west/staging/`.|
| (2) *Server* | https://cluster-name-with-hash.us-west-2.elb.amazonaws.com | The address and port of a Kubernetes API server. In other words, identifies a unique cluster. | Inside `environments/<env-name>/spec.json` |
| (3) *Namespace* | dev | Specifically, a [Kubernetes namespace](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/). | Inside `environments/<env-name>/spec.json` |
| (4) *Kubernetes API version* | version:v1.7.1 | The version of your cluster's Kubernetes API server, defaults to v1.7.0. | Used to generate appropriate files in `environments/<env-name>/.metadata/` based on the specified version of the Kubernetes OpenAPI spec |

ksonnet allows you to deploy any particular *application* to **multiple** environments. Below is a visualization of two environments that represent different namespaces on the same cluster:

![ksonnet environment diagram](/docs/img/environment.svg)

If you're wondering why you might deploy a common set of manifests to different environments, here are some potential use cases:

* Release Management (*dev* vs *test* vs *prod*)
* Multi-AZ (*us-west-2* vs *us-east-1*)
* Multi-cloud (*AWS* vs *GCP* vs *Azure*)

---

### Component

A ksonnet *application* can be broken down into a series of discrete components:

<p align="center">
<img alt="ksonnet component diagram" src="/docs/img/component.svg" height="150px">
</p>

Components can be as simple as a single Kubernetes resource (e.g. a Deployment) or as complex as a complete logging stack (e.g. EFK). More concretely, a component corresponds to a Kubernetes manifest in `components/`. There are two ways to add this manifest:

* Typically, **you autogenerate it** with the [`ks generate`](/docs/cli-reference/ks_generate.md) command. In this case, the manifest is expressed in a language called [Jsonnet](#jsonnet).

* Alternatively, you can **manually drop in** a file into `components/`. In this case, you can use either JSON or Jsonnet, as long the file is saved with the `*.jsonnet` extension. (JSON is a subset of Jsonnet so no other changes are needed. YAML is not currently supported, but you can use an open-source CLI tool such as [yaml2json](https://github.com/bronze1man/yaml2json) to convert from YAML to JSON).

  *This approach allows you to introduce ksonnet to existing codebases*.

How does the autogeneration process work? When you use `ks generate`, the component is generated from a *prototype*. The distinction between a component and a prototype is a bit subtle. If you are familiar with object oriented programming, you can roughly think of a prototype as a "class", and a component as its instantiation:

<p align="center">
<img alt="component class analogy" src="/docs/img/component_and_prototype.svg" height="180px">
</p>

All of the component files in an *app* can be deployed to a specified *environment* using [`ks apply`](/docs/cli-reference/ks_apply.md).

---

### Prototype

Prototypes are *examples* that you can use as the basis for your components. By `ks generate`-ing components from prototypes, you can quickly move from a blank app to multiple complete manifests.

*Although you can use these components right away, they are really intended as a starting point.* If a prototype-generated component does not fully address your needs, you can directly modify its Jsonnet afterwards (e.g. adding parameters).

By itself, a prototype is a pre-written but incomplete manifest:

<p align="center">
<img alt="prototype diagram" src="/docs/img/prototype.svg" height="170px">
</p>

Why is this useful? Prototypes allow you to avoid copying and pasting boilerplate code, and to focus on the parts of your configuration that are specific to your app. Specifically, during `ks generate`, you can specify certain command-line *parameters* to "fill-in-the-blanks" of a prototype and output a complete manifest into the `components/` directory:

![prototype parameter component diagram](/docs/img/prototype_and_parameters.svg)

Out of the box, ksonnet comes with some system prototypes (like `io.ksonnet.pkg.deployed-service`) that you can explore with the various [`ks prototype`](/docs/cli-reference/ks_prototype.md) commands. See [*package*](#package) and [*registry*](#registry) for information on downloading or sharing additional prototypes.

---

### Parameter

Parameters allow you to customize your prototypes — both at the time of their creation, and after the fact. You can use the various [`ks param`](/docs/cli-reference/ks_param.md) commands to view or modify current parameters. Params can be set globally or per-environment.

Under the hood, the `ks param` commands update a couple of local [*Jsonnet*](#jsonnet) files, so that you always have a version-controllable representation of what you `ks apply` onto your Kubernetes cluster. These are structured as follows:

* **App params** (`components/params.libsonnet`) — treated like defaults
   * (Optional) **Global params**
     * Manually specified by editing the Jsonnet
     * Used to make a variable accessible to multiple components (e.g. if the number of Redis and nginx replicas are related)
   * **Component-specific params**
     * e.g. 80 for `deployment-example.port`
     * Populated from `ks generate`
* **Per-environment params** (`environments/<env-name>/params.libsonnet`) — override app params, similar to inheritance
   * **Component-specific params** only

For example, you can use params to ensure that you have 3 Redis replicas in your *prod* environment and 1 in *dev*, because prod needs to handle higher traffic.

---

### Module

Modules provide a way for you to share components across environments. More concisely, a module refers to a subdirectory in `components/` containing its own `params.libsonnet`.

For example, `ks module create <module-name>` creates `components/<module-name>/params.libsonnet`.

ksonnet will use the components defined in `components/` by default. Modules provide a clean way to make your configurations more modular. If you want to use another set of components or use specific components, modules provides a way to do this without initializing another ksonnet app.

A module can:

* be used across multiple [environments](#environment) similar to components.
* have a nested structure to group components in a more selective way.
* be used in conjunction with additional modules for a given environment.

---

### Part

Prototypes often come in sets, where each prototype offers a slightly different "flavor" of a common base (e.g. `redis-persistent` and `redis-stateless` are two possible ways of deploying a Redis datastore).

Given that ksonnet is designed around modularity, a common pattern is to refactor most of the shared prototype code into a single *parts* library. This might look something like the following:

```
{
  parts:: {
    deployment:: {
      persistent(...)::
        ...,
      nonPersistent(...)::
        ...,
      base(...)::
        ...,
    },
    networkPolicy:: {
      allowExternal(...)::
        ...,
      denyExternal(...)::
        ...,
    },
    ...
  }
}
```

Once a library like this is established, different parts like `redis.parts.deployment.persistent` can be mixed and matched to produce new prototypes. Intuitively, this looks a bit like the following:

![parts diagram](/docs/img/parts.svg)

*NOTE: Parts do not have to be 1:1 with Kubernetes API resources like Deployments. This is just a relatively intuitive way to organize them.*

Prototypes that are distributed via ksonnet *packages* typically adhere to the pattern described above.

---

### Package

A package contains:

* **A set of related _prototypes_** (e.g. `redis-persistent`, `redis-stateless`)
* **Associated helper libraries** that define the prototype *parts* (e.g. `redis.libsonnet`)

Packages allow you to easily distribute and reuse code in any ksonnet *application*, using the various [`ks pkg`](/docs/cli-reference/ks_pkg.md) commands. The CLI writes package code into the `vendor/` directory.

To be recognized and imported by ksonnet, packages need to follow a specific schema. See the annotated file tree below, as an example:
```
.
├── README.md                      // Human-readable description of the package
├── parts.yaml                     // Provides metadata about the package
├── prototypes                     // Can be imported and used to generate components
│   ├── redis-all-features.jsonnet
│   ├── redis-persistent.jsonnet
│   └── redis-stateless.jsonnet
└── redis.libsonnet                // Helper library, includes prototype parts
```

 `parts.yaml` metadata is used to populate the output of the [`ks prototype describe`](/docs/cli-reference/ks_prototype_describe.md) command. The official packages in [`ksonnet/parts/incubator`](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/tree/master/incubator) also use `parts.yaml` to autogenerate `README.md` documentation.

You can take a look at the [nginx](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/tree/master/incubator/nginx) and [Redis](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/tree/master/incubator/redis) packages as additional examples.

---

### Registry

Registries are essentially repositories for *packages*. (We mean registry here in the same sense as registries for container images). Registries are identified by a `registry.yaml` in their root that declares a list of packages.

You can use *default* or *custom* registries:

* By **default**, ksonnet allows you do download *packages* from the [`ksonnet/parts/incubator`](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/tree/master/incubator) registry.

* You can set up your own **custom** registry with `ks registry add`, which accepts **any valid Github path**. *Note that this path needs to point a directory with the following structure:*

  ```
  .
  ├── nginx                               // nginx package
  │   ├── README.md
  │   ├── nginx.libsonnet
  │   ├── parts.yaml
  │   └── prototypes
  │       ├── nginx-server-block.jsonnet
  │       ...
  ├── redis                               // redis package
  │   ├── README.md
  │   ├── parts.yaml
  │   ├── prototypes
  │   │   ├── redis-all-features.jsonnet
  │   │   ...
  │   └── redis.libsonnet
  └── registry.yaml                       // Lists all packages in the registry
  ```
  * For more details on the package schema, see the [*package* definition](#package).
  * For hand-on references (e.g. for `registry.yaml` and `parts.yaml`), see the files in [`ksonnet/parts/incubator`](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/tree/master/incubator).

Use the various [`ks registry`](/docs/cli-reference/ks_registry.md) commands to list available registries, add new ones, and see what packages they contain.

---

### Manifest

When you’re trying to run code on a Kubernetes cluster, there’s a relatively clean separation between:

* "What you run" (your code, containerized in an image)
* "How you run it" (YAML or JSON manifests)

The "how" — your YAML and JSON manifests — declare the API resources that your code uses to actually run ON Kubernetes. Example resources include Pods and Deployments.

One of ksonnet's key features is that it allows you to write more concise manifests, using a language called *Jsonnet*.

---

### Jsonnet

ksonnet uses [Jsonnet](http://jsonnet.org/) to express all of your `components/` manifests (and associated configuration files, like `components/params.libsonnet`).

Jsonnet is a data templating language — for simplicity, think of it as a fancier superset of JSON, one that supports features like [variables](http://jsonnet.org/docs/tutorial.html#locals) and [object concatenation](http://jsonnet.org/docs/tutorial.html#oo). If you've ever had to copy and paste large chunks of YAML or JSON manifests, Jsonnet avoids this problem!

You can see how much more concise it is by comparing the same manifest, written in two different languages:

![jsonnet vs yaml](/docs/img/jsonnet_vs_yaml.png)

*Note that we've omitted Jsonnet's `import` lines in this example.*

Jsonnet is also JSON-compatible, meaning that you can drop parts of your legacy manifests into your ksonnet manifests, without having to rewrite them all at once. (It is more common to have Kubernetes manifests in YAML than JSON, but there are several open-source CLI tools such as [yaml2json](https://github.com/bronze1man/yaml2json) that can do this conversion for you).

Commit message:

Remove metadata cache and env spec from concepts
Signed-off-by: GuessWhoSamFoo <sfoohei@gmail.com>

docs/concepts.md, after:

# Concept Reference

The ksonnet framework is centered around a couple of key concepts and terms. This reference gives a brief explanation of each. To get a more tangible sense of how these concepts tie together, see the [Tutorial](https://ksonnet.io/docs/tutorial).

* Ksonnet
  * [Application](#application)
  * [Environment](#environment)
  * [Component](#component)
  * [Prototype](#prototype)
  * [Parameter](#parameter)
  * [Module](#module)
  * [Part](#part)
  * [Package](#package)
  * [Registry](#registry)
* Related
  * [Manifest](#manifest)
  * [Jsonnet](#jsonnet)


The following diagram shows how the ksonnet framework works holistically:

![ksonnet overview diagram](/docs/img/ksonnet_overview.svg)

ksonnet's package management schema can be summed up as follows:

*registry* > *package* > *prototype*<br>
**Ex:** [`incubator` repo](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/tree/master/incubator) > [Redis library](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/tree/master/incubator/redis) > [`redis-stateless` prototype](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/blob/master/incubator/redis/prototypes/redis-stateless.jsonnet)

---

### Application

A ksonnet application represents a well-structured directory of Kubernetes [manifests](#manifest). This directory is autogenerated by [`ksonnet init`](/docs/cli-reference/ksonnet_init.md). These manifests typically tie together in some way—for example, they might collectively define a web service like the following:

<p align="center">
<img alt="ksonnet application diagram" src="/docs/img/guestbook_app.svg" height="250px">
</p>

---

### Environment

An environment consists of four elements, some of which can be pulled from your current [kubeconfig context](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/organize-cluster-access-kubeconfig/#context):

| What       | Example       | Description          | How is this tracked? |
| ---------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
| (1) *Name* | dev | A string used to identify a particular environment. Must be unique within a ksonnet app. | A directory under `environments/` (e.g. `environments/dev/`). <br><br>**A name with slashes results in a hierarchical file structure**. For example, `us-west/staging` creates `environments/us-west/staging/`.|
| (2) *Server* | https://cluster-name-with-hash.us-west-2.elb.amazonaws.com | The address and port of a Kubernetes API server. In other words, identifies a unique cluster. | Inside `app.yaml` |
| (3) *Namespace* | dev | Specifically, a [Kubernetes namespace](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/). | Inside `app.yaml` |
| (4) *Kubernetes API version* | version:v1.7.1 | The version of your cluster's Kubernetes API server, defaults to v1.8.0. | Used to generate appropriate files in `lib/ksonnet-lib/` based on the specified version of the Kubernetes OpenAPI spec |

ksonnet allows you to deploy any particular *application* to **multiple** environments. Below is a visualization of two environments that represent different namespaces on the same cluster:

![ksonnet environment diagram](/docs/img/environment.svg)

If you're wondering why you might deploy a common set of manifests to different environments, here are some potential use cases:

* Release Management (*dev* vs *test* vs *prod*)
* Multi-AZ (*us-west-2* vs *us-east-1*)
* Multi-cloud (*AWS* vs *GCP* vs *Azure*)

---

### Component

A ksonnet *application* can be broken down into a series of discrete components:

<p align="center">
<img alt="ksonnet component diagram" src="/docs/img/component.svg" height="150px">
</p>

Components can be as simple as a single Kubernetes resource (e.g. a Deployment) or as complex as a complete logging stack (e.g. EFK). More concretely, a component corresponds to a Kubernetes manifest in `components/`. There are two ways to add this manifest:

* Typically, **you autogenerate it** with the [`ks generate`](/docs/cli-reference/ks_generate.md) command. In this case, the manifest is expressed in a language called [Jsonnet](#jsonnet).

* Alternatively, you can **manually drop in** a file into `components/`. In this case, you can use either JSON or Jsonnet, as long the file is saved with the `*.jsonnet` extension. (JSON is a subset of Jsonnet so no other changes are needed. YAML is not currently supported, but you can use an open-source CLI tool such as [yaml2json](https://github.com/bronze1man/yaml2json) to convert from YAML to JSON).

  *This approach allows you to introduce ksonnet to existing codebases*.

How does the autogeneration process work? When you use `ks generate`, the component is generated from a *prototype*. The distinction between a component and a prototype is a bit subtle. If you are familiar with object oriented programming, you can roughly think of a prototype as a "class", and a component as its instantiation:

<p align="center">
<img alt="component class analogy" src="/docs/img/component_and_prototype.svg" height="180px">
</p>

All of the component files in an *app* can be deployed to a specified *environment* using [`ks apply`](/docs/cli-reference/ks_apply.md).

---

### Prototype

Prototypes are *examples* that you can use as the basis for your components. By `ks generate`-ing components from prototypes, you can quickly move from a blank app to multiple complete manifests.

*Although you can use these components right away, they are really intended as a starting point.* If a prototype-generated component does not fully address your needs, you can directly modify its Jsonnet afterwards (e.g. adding parameters).

By itself, a prototype is a pre-written but incomplete manifest:

<p align="center">
<img alt="prototype diagram" src="/docs/img/prototype.svg" height="170px">
</p>

Why is this useful? Prototypes allow you to avoid copying and pasting boilerplate code, and to focus on the parts of your configuration that are specific to your app. Specifically, during `ks generate`, you can specify certain command-line *parameters* to "fill-in-the-blanks" of a prototype and output a complete manifest into the `components/` directory:

![prototype parameter component diagram](/docs/img/prototype_and_parameters.svg)

Out of the box, ksonnet comes with some system prototypes (like `io.ksonnet.pkg.deployed-service`) that you can explore with the various [`ks prototype`](/docs/cli-reference/ks_prototype.md) commands. See [*package*](#package) and [*registry*](#registry) for information on downloading or sharing additional prototypes.

---

### Parameter

Parameters allow you to customize your prototypes — both at the time of their creation, and after the fact. You can use the various [`ks param`](/docs/cli-reference/ks_param.md) commands to view or modify current parameters. Params can be set globally or per-environment.

Under the hood, the `ks param` commands update a couple of local [*Jsonnet*](#jsonnet) files, so that you always have a version-controllable representation of what you `ks apply` onto your Kubernetes cluster. These are structured as follows:

* **App params** (`components/params.libsonnet`) — treated like defaults
   * (Optional) **Global params**
     * Manually specified by editing the Jsonnet
     * Used to make a variable accessible to multiple components (e.g. if the number of Redis and nginx replicas are related)
   * **Component-specific params**
     * e.g. 80 for `deployment-example.port`
     * Populated from `ks generate`
* **Per-environment params** (`environments/<env-name>/params.libsonnet`) — override app params, similar to inheritance
   * **Component-specific params** only

For example, you can use params to ensure that you have 3 Redis replicas in your *prod* environment and 1 in *dev*, because prod needs to handle higher traffic.

---

### Module

Modules provide a way for you to share components across environments. More concisely, a module refers to a subdirectory in `components/` containing its own `params.libsonnet`.

For example, `ks module create <module-name>` creates `components/<module-name>/params.libsonnet`.

ksonnet will use the components defined in `components/` by default. Modules provide a clean way to make your configurations more modular. If you want to use another set of components or use specific components, modules provides a way to do this without initializing another ksonnet app.

A module can:

* be used across multiple [environments](#environment) similar to components.
* have a nested structure to group components in a more selective way.
* be used in conjunction with additional modules for a given environment.

---

### Part

Prototypes often come in sets, where each prototype offers a slightly different "flavor" of a common base (e.g. `redis-persistent` and `redis-stateless` are two possible ways of deploying a Redis datastore).

Given that ksonnet is designed around modularity, a common pattern is to refactor most of the shared prototype code into a single *parts* library. This might look something like the following:

```
{
  parts:: {
    deployment:: {
      persistent(...)::
        ...,
      nonPersistent(...)::
        ...,
      base(...)::
        ...,
    },
    networkPolicy:: {
      allowExternal(...)::
        ...,
      denyExternal(...)::
        ...,
    },
    ...
  }
}
```

Once a library like this is established, different parts like `redis.parts.deployment.persistent` can be mixed and matched to produce new prototypes. Intuitively, this looks a bit like the following:

![parts diagram](/docs/img/parts.svg)

*NOTE: Parts do not have to be 1:1 with Kubernetes API resources like Deployments. This is just a relatively intuitive way to organize them.*

Prototypes that are distributed via ksonnet *packages* typically adhere to the pattern described above.

---

### Package

A package contains:

* **A set of related _prototypes_** (e.g. `redis-persistent`, `redis-stateless`)
* **Associated helper libraries** that define the prototype *parts* (e.g. `redis.libsonnet`)

Packages allow you to easily distribute and reuse code in any ksonnet *application*, using the various [`ks pkg`](/docs/cli-reference/ks_pkg.md) commands. The CLI writes package code into the `vendor/` directory.

To be recognized and imported by ksonnet, packages need to follow a specific schema. See the annotated file tree below, as an example:
```
.
├── README.md                      // Human-readable description of the package
├── parts.yaml                     // Provides metadata about the package
├── prototypes                     // Can be imported and used to generate components
│   ├── redis-all-features.jsonnet
│   ├── redis-persistent.jsonnet
│   └── redis-stateless.jsonnet
└── redis.libsonnet                // Helper library, includes prototype parts
```

 `parts.yaml` metadata is used to populate the output of the [`ks prototype describe`](/docs/cli-reference/ks_prototype_describe.md) command. The official packages in [`ksonnet/parts/incubator`](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/tree/master/incubator) also use `parts.yaml` to autogenerate `README.md` documentation.

You can take a look at the [nginx](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/tree/master/incubator/nginx) and [Redis](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/tree/master/incubator/redis) packages as additional examples.

---

### Registry

Registries are essentially repositories for *packages*. (We mean registry here in the same sense as registries for container images). Registries are identified by a `registry.yaml` in their root that declares a list of packages.

You can use *default* or *custom* registries:

* By **default**, ksonnet allows you do download *packages* from the [`ksonnet/parts/incubator`](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/tree/master/incubator) registry.

* You can set up your own **custom** registry with `ks registry add`, which accepts **any valid Github path**. *Note that this path needs to point a directory with the following structure:*

  ```
  .
  ├── nginx                               // nginx package
  │   ├── README.md
  │   ├── nginx.libsonnet
  │   ├── parts.yaml
  │   └── prototypes
  │       ├── nginx-server-block.jsonnet
  │       ...
  ├── redis                               // redis package
  │   ├── README.md
  │   ├── parts.yaml
  │   ├── prototypes
  │   │   ├── redis-all-features.jsonnet
  │   │   ...
  │   └── redis.libsonnet
  └── registry.yaml                       // Lists all packages in the registry
  ```
  * For more details on the package schema, see the [*package* definition](#package).
  * For hand-on references (e.g. for `registry.yaml` and `parts.yaml`), see the files in [`ksonnet/parts/incubator`](https://github.com/ksonnet/parts/tree/master/incubator).

Use the various [`ks registry`](/docs/cli-reference/ks_registry.md) commands to list available registries, add new ones, and see what packages they contain.

---

### Manifest

When you’re trying to run code on a Kubernetes cluster, there’s a relatively clean separation between:

* "What you run" (your code, containerized in an image)
* "How you run it" (YAML or JSON manifests)

The "how" — your YAML and JSON manifests — declare the API resources that your code uses to actually run ON Kubernetes. Example resources include Pods and Deployments.

One of ksonnet's key features is that it allows you to write more concise manifests, using a language called *Jsonnet*.

---

### Jsonnet

ksonnet uses [Jsonnet](http://jsonnet.org/) to express all of your `components/` manifests (and associated configuration files, like `components/params.libsonnet`).

Jsonnet is a data templating language — for simplicity, think of it as a fancier superset of JSON, one that supports features like [variables](http://jsonnet.org/docs/tutorial.html#locals) and [object concatenation](http://jsonnet.org/docs/tutorial.html#oo). If you've ever had to copy and paste large chunks of YAML or JSON manifests, Jsonnet avoids this problem!

You can see how much more concise it is by comparing the same manifest, written in two different languages:

![jsonnet vs yaml](/docs/img/jsonnet_vs_yaml.png)

*Note that we've omitted Jsonnet's `import` lines in this example.*

Jsonnet is also JSON-compatible, meaning that you can drop parts of your legacy manifests into your ksonnet manifests, without having to rewrite them all at once. (It is more common to have Kubernetes manifests in YAML than JSON, but there are several open-source CLI tools such as [yaml2json](https://github.com/bronze1man/yaml2json) that can do this conversion for you).
